Abilities:
Murak Flash; a blink-dash where she launches herself using a jump impulse, accelerating her to a significant fraction of lightspeed and moves her to the location she chooses within a 12.716m distance. this appears as a teleport to most people, as *most* eyes do not have the reaction time to notice the insane speed of the movement. this somewhat distorts time relativistically in the duration of the dash, making it useful in battle and dire situations. the time dilation occurs due to the speed, so anything outside of her heavenly aura appear to be paused and slowed depending on the distance of which Iris uses this. as true lightspeed is impossible due to her bodily mass and the theory of relativity, she cannot produce the energy to move at true lightspeed. her dash speed is that of 0.997c. Iris mass is around 40.82331kg, while her velocity is 0.997c, reaching the kinetic energy of 43.80 quantillion joules, or about 200+ tsar bombas worth. as this energy is this much, colliding with this dash can be deadly, so she uses it as an attack. it can instantly vapourize an opponent if needed. to prevent massive destruction from this kinetic energy, she uses a barrier to protect those who are innocent and buildings if present. due to the dash being a short 12.7m distance at 0.997c, she moves in about 42 and a half nanoseconds of time. this can also heat the air catastrophically, according to relativity, colliding with air molecules will create an enormous shock. for saying, if a room sat at 20 Celcius, the molecules floating in the air are hit hard enough to ionize into electrons & nuclei, will emit a bright light, and dissociate. from this, the air heats into 10s of thousands of Kelvin in the heat scale. this is comparable to the core of a lightning bolt. this will also cause a small sound delay in small areas, which will be silence turned into a loud explosive sound. using this indoors, she NEEDS to use her barriers so she does not cause a timebomb type of explosion if shes inside of a building. her aura barrier suppresses the explosive shockwave, tear of the quantum foam, plasma expansion and general radiant heat.

Quantum Null Guard / Ryōshi Mukō Shōheki - the barrier of protection she gained after learning the Murak Flash. This is needed so her dash does not cause planet-ending scenarios. This barrier is bright, thin, aura that is formed around what Iris chooses. This angelic barrier will manipulate the spacetime metric, create a zeropoint field that is in a quantum state, plasma confinement, and momentum release. This does not require Iris's unnatural kinetic energy from her bloodline. This barrier first rapidly evacuates air molecules in front of Iris by putting them sideways using pressure gradients. What this does is create a low-density tunnel to sit or travel through. This ensures she does not smash into the air molecules. Basically, this creates a void as the path while density and pressure drops making these molecules collide less, if at all.
Second, it creates a thin shell where momentum is slowly transferred over time, not instantly. Meaning, if a wall or object is hit, the speed is spread across the touched object/person and creates a shield, the force of the speed is delivered over milliseconds making it not instant vapourization unless she chooses to not protect. The barrier then temporarily couples into vacuum fluctuations and directs leftover radiative energy into the zeropoint field, which means the massive heat spikes turn smaller, less-blinding light forming and the plasma in the air is cooled drastically faster.
Third, ionized air is trapped in a magnetic-shell-like fusion. The charged particles will be spiraled along the field lines so the plasma does not explode, surroundings dont instantly burn and the line will remain contained to be safe.
Due to all of these factors, the dash will create a tiny metric complication in spacetime, and it will smooth out the fluctuations before they go crazy. This protects the tearing of quantum foam, making it a universally safe way to move in lightspeed without damaging the user and surroundings. 
Iris learns how to use this as an attack also. If all of these factors were to be released, it can be used as a catastrophic attack.  

Divine Heaven Quantum Rejection / Shinten Ryōshi Kyohi; This is an ultimate move created by Iris' ancestors. This works as a devastating nuclear attack formed from her ancient odachi passed down for 900,000 years. 
She first harvests energy from multiple sources, including atmospherical compression, electromagnetic ionization, vacuum shift, and gravitational assistance.
When her power is in reach, the perfect spherical containment releases into a thermal pulse, front, a shockwave and seismic pressure while staying true to a perfect spherical shape. 
What this is all means is: a huge ass nuke.
It looks terrifying to those that have not seen a biblical war. A massive planet sized halo appears over the planet in which this attack is formed, the air and gravity is bended inwards, making a wormhole looking sphere that is perfect in shape. While the surrounding debris of where this is originally formed, dust raises to the atmosphere and all sound is depleted from every source. The wormhole turns into a white-gold-heavenly perfect true sphere. This falls onto the area creating a astronomical explosion, vaporizing anyone who is not protected by Iris personally. 
This sphere is extremely hot, causing the planet to heat and cool overtime while its used and after its used. The core of this sphere is a minimum of 10,000 Kelvin and will peak to over 100,000-200,000 Kelvin in plasma zones.
If we were to use the TNT equal in energy, it would be around 100 Megatons. Because of this fact, Iris is forced to use  Ryōshi Mukō Shōheki to protect the species and planet itself. The barrier will expand as a dark shell, inside of the barrier, she makes turns it into a void of nebulas and distant stars and galaxies. It is unknown where this barrier is while inside. But it uses divine protection, it is a more advanced and the completed version of Ryōshi Mukō Shōheki. 
(science explained below.)
Stage 1: as a large volume of air is forced into a much smaller volume, pressure and the temperature will rise drastically due to constant and rapid decreasement of the volume as the gas amount will stay constant, making the temperature freak out.
Pressure+Volume=MolesofGas+GasConstant+Temperature
Stage 2: once the temperatures become high enough, the molecules will break apart and then they will begin to strip away, creating plasma. The plasma begins to be at around multiple thousands of Kelvin on the heat scale and will go higher far above those numbers. 
(science explained below)
the estimated thermal energy created from this ->
E=3/2ofParticleConstant+Temperature 
causing this energy to skyrocket and become violent.
Stage 3: the charged plasma can be contained via magnetic fields, meaning the charged particles bend aroun d magnetic field lines, letting Iris form a magnetic shell around the plasma zone that was formed. This will prevent dissipation and will store the energy.
Stage 4: when the containment opens and she releases the attack, the hot plasma expands aggressively. The energy turns into a large shockwave, a perfect true sphere.
An example of this nuke attack could be said like: if 1M kg of air was heated by 10,000 Kelvin, it could be 10 Trillion joules, or about 2.4 kilotons of TNT. Now while megaton is not scientifically reachable, increasing the volume, compressing and temperature even further, it will reach megaton size.

Due to the sure-pure power of this attack, it has a huge energetic cooldown and it has its issues.
After she does this nuke, the atmosphere will become unstable for literal hours. Ionized clouds will glow across the sky in this duration, compasses and map programs will not work, the oceans can experience tsunami-type events, and the planets temperatures will fluctuate rapidly and violently. On top of this, Iris will be weakened drastically, leaving her unable to perform combat for the next month. Her divine containment will drain her body and energy formed from her bloodline. She cannot spam this as it will kill her and cause a permanent collapse of the surrounding spacetime metric in the galaxy it happens in.
She does not know she can do this, but the Elishians are scared she will find out, as it posed an issue thousands of years ago, nearly killing off the Elishians due to her ancestor turning evil and failed the attack while attempting to genocide the Elishians as he was fed lies by their families ancient enemy family. This attack can be mistaken as a birth of a star, making it astronomically dangerous to the livlihood of the Elishians and surrounding planets.
Scientifically speaking, this attack will make plasma storms, magnetic anomalies not suitable for living and disastrous gravitational events remain in the area for hours. This means glass will become liquified, natural metals will warp and anything nearby in terms of land will become destroyed from the thermal pulse completely. The atmospheric shockwaves will race around the planet multiple times depending on the yield of the attack. 
Morally speaking, the users that learn this ancient and hidden attack can become mentally drained. If done incorrect, the barrier created can be broken and millions of lives will be taken, including the caster. Because of this, the caster that use it as a trump card if everything else fails. 

additionally, the casters can only use this hidden ancestral passdown attack if: they are in dire need of protecting innocent civilizations and animals, in suffering and despair and near death, gains bloodline influence(gathering energy from the ancestors that knew how to do it), or using the ancient chant. this will be an volume-ending move. 


