Ryōshi Kyohi classification attack system is a category of a users ultimate move. It is a quantum-based system using quantum physics and mathematics. A lot of these moves include universe ending sequences, which obviously can be bad. These attacks usually alter spacetime and quantum events in the area/setting in which the attack is casted. These techniques are NOT spells OR magic. These are ancestral passdowns of ancient knowledge that has been since forgotten. These moves do not have a conditional range, making them insanely overpowered, this is solved by the caster creating a "Ryōshi Mukō Shōheki" / "Quantum Nullification Guard", which creates a celestial barrier for those who the caster deems innocent and buildings/surroundings. This ensures a galaxy-ending or even universe-ending event does not happen. "Ryōshi Mukō Shōheki" will be a choice upon casting the "Ryōshi Kyohi".

In practice, you would say:

"Ryōshi Kyohi: Amatsu Shiroboshi" and the attack will start manifesting and come into fruition.

These types of attacks are usually arc-ending and extremely deadly to anyone that is made into the target of said attack. Only a select few users have this ability, making it very unknown in the universe. The ancestors made a blood pact to keep this practice hidden forever, but as time goes on, it obviously turns into a bigger thing.

Requirements of reaching peace to perform are the following:


Ancestral Bloodline - this is not a full requirement eventually as knowledge gets passed down, but for ancient "Ryōshi Kyohi" attacks, the user will have to be in the same bloodline as someone who once knew the knowledge of it. According to quantum physics, certain amounts of these techniques would require inherited quantum-resonance encoding. This means, the neural structure must be compatible with ancestral fields, the genetic stability must allow high dimensional cognitive mindset, and the inherited memory for the configuration of the technique. This is the basic step that children of the ancestors usually start seeing very early on so this becomes a main factor for a lot of users who can learn it from this, as it will be trained from trauma and experiences.

Energy Manifestation - this requirement is NEEDED. the user who learns this ability must have the mental capacity to cast these, as it takes more kinetic energy than a normal being would possess. This means it will take years and years and years of training, studying and living to gain the ability to even slightly perform it, even if it is incomplete.

Quantum Foam Resonance Catalyst - this ancient material, in which Elishian scientists found while exploring and travelling through multiple wormholes, can be used as a mana-manipulator. The user consumes this catalyst and "passes out" for a year. During the time the user is asleep, they are actually meditating in their own soul's personal realm and learning about "Ryōshi Kyohi". This knowledge is not fed to them in this meditation either, they have to train and fight while inside of this realm. The realm consists of the users worst fears and personal dangers that they have to overcome. On the outside, the user looks like they are in a year-long coma, but they are facing their literal demons and danger-outputs constantly with no break. This realm is a literal world inside of it, it is not just a blank void. It is identical to the users memory of the area they remember the most fondly, usually being the childhood neighborhood or similar.
-----------------------------------------
Additionally, the Quantum Foam Resonance Catalyst can be used as an unnatural blast source by creating a weapon that channels Murak's solar energy. If made, it can be used on a scale that could destroy a galaxy that is not in connection with the Andromeda galaxy. This means Andromeda, Triangular, Milky Way, and both Magellenic Galaxies cannot be destroyed, but this poses danger to the galaxies that are not allies with Andromeda since war has always been very popular through-out the universe since The Big Bang. 

-------------- 


These ancient techniques can be used for drastic damage, making them insanely rare. This is the most powerful attack in the universe, at extreme damage, vacuum stability becomes fully non-linear, spacetime curvature diverges, energy density reaches runaway thresholds, spacetime instability and electromagnetic topology collapse.

This poses universe-ending threats as evil people DO exist. A lot of possibilities can include the rewriting of physics itself, time becomes non-linear, objects do not move as they should through space, gravity renders completely different, even near blackholes/wormholes/neutron stars, matter starts behaving like anti-matter while anti-matter starts behaving like matter and new forms of matter come into fruition like shadow matter, galaxy-scaled EMP storms causing solar flares to harm planets and moons, atmospheric ion storms, extreme time dilation that is global throughout a single galaxy causing the future to collide with the past while the present collides with the future resulting in events happening out-of-order and basically harmful time travel(which can cause memories to appear rapidly, rendering certain beings braindead), and fully destabilizing the reality inside of the universe




